[docs] Add information about Severity in alerts (#11664)
deckhouse/deckhouse: docs/documentation/pages/DECKHOUSE_ALERTS.md

For each alert, a summary is provided, and if available, the detailed alert description can be viewed by expanding it.

## What is Severity?

> The alerts contain the Severity parameter, which means the level of criticality. Its value varies from `S1` to `S9` and can be interpreted as follows:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Alert descriptions contain the Severity (S) parameter, which indicates the level of criticality. Its value varies from `S1` to `S9` and can be interpreted as follows:
```
